Calligraphy is a brilliant artificial sleeping in the modern society cynically
From the work of Murakami Kakashi
Buriji not intentional artifice against the adults of society with children nature
To the figure of Nara Yoshitomo
The works representing the contemporary art of Japan are gathered together.
In the 5th, Seoul National University Museum of Contemporary Art in Japan with the Japan Foundation has elapsed
An exhibition was held for 40 years.
I can not play music at all.
This delicious die when you die yippunde What is more serious is 5 tons
I went out to live in Turner .
Now Honey Beth is back again .
I want to expand my self and tell a new story .
Since two showrooms that highlight the crisis committee should be free to express era Imagination
6000 until 2:00
More than 110 different works were exhibited.
U
Uh, especially in the two exhibition halls with new creative works from other cultures and swimming
Show
This emphasizes the importance of mutual communication rather than one-way communication.
There are a lot of emotional feelings in Korea and Japan.
I think this is a good opportunity to narrow down
This exhibition will continue until April 14th.
It will be an opportunity to know more about Japan through exhibitions.
looking forward
Seoul newspaper Xuanwu